Project introduction.
Theme of our project is Scalable Data Strategy.
As any real life product manager,
you will be required to;
identify requirements of data consumers.
You will do some data modeling and answer business questions.
You will do some data processing.
You will flex your strategy muscle to make infrastructure technology decisions.
In the end, you will write a data strategy MVP proposal.
One important note, your thoughts may look different than
mine while doing project or classroom exercises and that is all right.
Project management is not conducted in a vacuum and you will be
working directly with the types of teams we are using in our examples.
Much of project management is subjective,
but this course and its exercises are meant to help you anticipate the possibilities.